- 0001 Style: The recording showcases a pop song that consists of a passionate female vocal, alongside wide harmonizing female vocals, singing over wide acoustic guitar chords, groovy bass, punchy kick and snare hits. It sounds addictive, passionate and emotional. Musical: In F minor, the melody rises with a medium pitch and flows at a quick tempo for a long period of time, oozing happy, fun, and joyful mood.
- 0002 This is an indie rock music piece. There is a male vocalist singing melodically in the lead. The main tune is being played by the electric guitar while the bass guitar is playing in the background. The rhythm is provided by a simple acoustic drum beat. The atmosphere is groovy. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a coffee shop. 
- 0003 This is a slow pop music piece. There is a male vocalist singing melodically. The main tune is being played by the acoustic guitar and the piano while the bass guitar is playing in the background. The rhythmic background consists of a slow tempo acoustic drum beat. The atmosphere is emotional. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a romantic comedy movie, especially during the scenes where a character is trying to break free from the speaker. 
- 0004 Style: The recording showcases a pop song that consists of a passionate male vocal, alongside harmonizing background vocals, singing over punchy kick and snare hits, shimmering hi hats, groovy bass and electric guitar melody. It sounds groovy, addictive and fun. Musical: Set in B flat major, the melody’s average pitch and medium tempo, spanning 8 seconds, evoke emotional feels.
- 0005 This is a pop music piece. There is a female vocalist singing melodically in the lead. The keyboard is playing the main tune while the bass guitar is playing in the background. The rhythm consists of an electronic drum beat. The atmosphere is easygoing and danceable. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a teenage drama TV series as the opening theme. Musical: This song’s segment in F minor features a melody at a high pitch and a rapid tempo for 12 seconds, enveloped in soft, passionate, and mellow aura.
- 0006 Style: The recording features a country song that consists of a flat male vocal singing over acoustic rhythm guitar, groovy bass guitar, punchy kick and snare hits. It sounds emotional and passionate. 
- 0007 This is a pop music piece. There is a male vocalist singing melodically in the lead. The melody is being played by the keyboard while the bass guitar is playing in the background. The rhythm is provided by a slow tempo acoustic drum beat. The atmosphere is sentimental. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a romantic comedy movie, especially during the scenes where a character is reminiscing about the good old days. Musical: The tune, composed in F major, with a pitch of high and a tempo of swift lasting 11 seconds, radiates emotional emotions.
- 0008  This music is an Electric Guitar instrumental. The tempo is medium with a catchy electric guitar riff, smooth bass line, steady drumming, keyboard harmony and rhythmic acoustic guitar strumming. The music is soft, rich, full bodied, emphatic and pleasant. This music is a Western Classical.
- 0009 There is a female vocalist singing melodically in the lead. The melody is being played by the acoustic guitar and the electric guitar while the bass guitar is playing in the background. The rhythm is provided by a basic acoustic drum beat. The atmosphere is easygoing. This piece could be used in the soundtrack of a teenage drama TV series as the opening theme.